Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away? I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Looking at you, I understand why some animals eat their young.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
The janitor said he took out the trash last night, he must forgot a piece, what are you still doing here?
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
Shock me, say something intelligent.I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality. 
You look like a before picture.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate! 
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say "What an ass?"
If everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
So sorry I asked if your makeup was by Picasso.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
You have the perfect face for radio.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Retard shit is green.Everyone can be dick but you are an art form of a dick.
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
Your forehead is so big you donated it to charity for shelter!
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
What do you call a man having a seizure in a pile of leaves? Russell.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
Are your parents siblings?
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
We're you made in a lab, cause damn you are one failed experiment.
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
You are not even beneath my contempt.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche. 
What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide. 
What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
You have enough fat to make another human.
What do you call a porn star with a little dick? White!
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
She's so fat, she fell down and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up!
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
At least cunts are useful you're not.
Your as worthless as, Tits on a boar hog.
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
You were beautiful in my dreams, but a fucking nightmare in reality.Her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
She's so fat that she ran down the street chasing a yellow school bus thinkg it was the largest twinkey ever.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
If you don't like my opinion of you – improve yourself!
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
Welcome to Twitter - if you are not already following a mom who drinks wine one will be assigned to you.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
You're so poor I saw you kicking a can across the street I asked you what you were doing you said moving.I don't care who you are, but if you're reading this I still don't care.
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
Why are men are like public toilets? The good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.

What do you call a black man with red teeth? Knight rider.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
New hangout for white racist... is in a box of crackers.
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? 
A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
He is known as a miracle comic. If he's funny, it's a miracle!
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
What color is a Nigger after you run him over with the truck? Flat black.